.TH JUSTGREP 1 2021-12-23 1.0.0 "no clue what to put here xd"
.SH NAME
justgrep \- Tool for scanning justlog logs
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBjustgrep\fP \fI[options]\fP \fB-channel\fP \fIchannel name\fP \fB-url\fP
\fIhttps://example.com\fP \fB-regex\fP \fIregular expression\fP \fB-start\fP
\fI2021-01-01T00:00:00Z\fP \fB-end\fP \fI2021-02-01T00:00:00Z\fP

.br
\fBjustgrep\fP \fI[options]\fP \fB-r\fP \fB-url\fP \fIhttps://example.com\fP
\fB-regex\fP \fIregular expression\fP  \fB-start\fP \fI2021-01-01T00:00:00Z\fP
\fB-end\fP \fI2021-02-01T00:00:00Z\fP

.SH DESCRIPTION
This tool searches the desired \fIjustlog instance\fP for a regular expression or username regular expression in a
set time range.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-channel\  channel\ name
Pick desired channel to search.

.TP
.BR \-r
Run search on all channels available on the desired \fIjustlog instance\fP. Overrides \fI-channel\fP.

.TP
.BR \-max\  count
Choose how many messages should be returned by \fBjustgrep\fP.

.TP
.BR \-start ", " \-end\  TIME
Allow you to specify the time range to search. \fI-end\fP should be the later part of the range. Accepted formats are:

.TS
tab(@);
l lx.
1@T{
    2006-01-02 15:04:05
T}
2@T{
    2006-01-02 15:04:05-07:00
T}
3@T{
    2006-01-02T15:04:05Z07:00 (RFC3339)
T}
.TE

.TP
.BR \-user\  name
Search logs for a single user. If \fI-uregex\fP is used in combination,
\fBname\fP is treated as a regular expression. It's worth noting that search a
single user's logs is much faster than a whole channel.

.TP
.BR \-notuser\  name
Ignores user identified by \fIname\fP from log searches. If \fI-uregex\fP is
used in combination, \fBname\fP is treated as a regular expression.

.TP
.BR \-uregex
Switches \fI-user\fP and \fI-notuser\fP to be treated as a regular expression
instead of literally.

.TP
.BR \-regex\  regular\ expression
Searches messages for the pattern. This option is required.

.TP
.BR \-url\  justlog\ instance\ url
Selects your desired justlog instance. By default it's \fIhttp://localhost:8025\fP, the default listen address for justlog.

.TP
.BR \-v
Shows you progress info on stderr.

.TP
.BR \-progress-json
Returns the same information as \fI-v\fP but in JSON format for machine processing. Also uses stderr.

.TP
.BR \-msg-only
Makes \fBjustgrep\fP return only user chat messages, \fIPRIVMSG\fPs.

.SH EXAMPLES
Fetch all messages matching \fIpajaS\fP from \fI2021-12-01\fP to \fI2021-12-07\fP (inclusive) from channel \fIpajlada\fP from \fIjustlog instance\fP:
.PP
.in +4n
.EX
justgrep -channel pajlada -regex "pajaS" -start 2021-12-01T00:00:00Z -end 2021-12-07T23:59:59Z -url \fIjustlog instance\fP | irc2json
.EE
.in

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR irc2json (1)
